README.md, before:

# Webflow Designer Extension Starter - [Svelte](https://svelte.dev/) + [Melt UI](https://www.melt-ui.com/docs/introduction) + TypeScript + Tailwind + Vite

This project serves as a starter template for developing Webflow Designer Extensions using a tech stack of [Svelte](https://svelte.dev/), [Melt UI](https://www.melt-ui.com/docs/introduction), TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, and Vite.

## Features
- [Svelte](https://svelte.dev/) for building reactive UI components.
- [Melt UI](https://www.melt-ui.com/docs/introduction) for additional UI components and utilities.
- TypeScript for static typing.
- Tailwind CSS for utility-first styling.
- Vite for fast development and bundling.
- Example function for changing the window size via the Webflow API.

## Getting Started

1. **Clone the repository:**
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/pi-ron/wfdex-svelte-starter.git
   ```

2. **Navigate to the project directory:**
   ```sh
   cd wfdex-svelte-starter
   ```

3. **Install dependencies:**
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```

4. **Start the development server:**
   ```sh
   npm run dev
   ```

## Development Modes

- **Designer Mode (No live reload):**
  ```sh
  npm run dev
  ```

- **Vite Mode (With live reload, won't work in Webflow Designer):**
  ```sh
  npm run devite
  ```

## Project Structure

- `src/`: Source code directory.
  - `components/`: Svelte components.
  - `types/`: TypeScript type definitions.
  - `main.ts`: Entry point file.
- `public/`: Static assets.
- `README.md`: Project documentation.
- `tsconfig.json`: TypeScript configuration file.

## Contributing

Feel free to contribute to this project by creating issues, pull requests, or contacting the maintainer.

## License

This project is open-source and available under the MIT License.

Commit message:

Added bundle script to readme.

README.md, after:

# Webflow Designer Extension Starter - [Svelte](https://svelte.dev/) + [Melt UI](https://www.melt-ui.com/docs/introduction) + TypeScript + Tailwind + Vite

This project serves as a starter template for developing Webflow Designer Extensions using a tech stack of [Svelte](https://svelte.dev/), [Melt UI](https://www.melt-ui.com/docs/introduction), TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, and Vite.

## Features
- [Svelte](https://svelte.dev/) for building reactive UI components.
- [Melt UI](https://www.melt-ui.com/docs/introduction) for additional UI components and utilities.
- TypeScript for static typing.
- Tailwind CSS for utility-first styling.
- Vite for fast development and bundling.
- Example function for changing the window size via the Webflow API.

## Getting Started

1. **Clone the repository:**
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/pi-ron/wfdex-svelte-starter.git
   ```

2. **Navigate to the project directory:**
   ```sh
   cd wfdex-svelte-starter
   ```

3. **Install dependencies:**
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```

4. **Start the development server:**
   ```sh
   npm run dev
   ```

## Development Modes

- **Designer Mode (No live reload):**
  ```sh
  npm run dev
  ```

- **Vite Mode (With live reload, won't work in Webflow Designer):**
  ```sh
  npm run devite
  ```
## Testing

You test your app by uploading the resulting bundle.zip to your workspace and installing it on a site.

```sh
npm run bundle
```
*or*
```sh
webflow extension bundle
```

## Project Structure

- `src/`: Source code directory.
  - `components/`: Svelte components.
  - `types/`: TypeScript type definitions.
  - `main.ts`: Entry point file.
- `public/`: Static assets.
- `README.md`: Project documentation.
- `tsconfig.json`: TypeScript configuration file.

## Contributing

Feel free to contribute to this project by creating issues, pull requests, or contacting the maintainer.

## License

This project is open-source and available under the MIT License.
